feat: add bash commands review content (#59192)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/review-bash-commands/6724e387ee098d1ef33108ba.md

- **Terminal**: The application that provides access to the command line.  
- **Terminal emulator**: Adds extra features to a terminal.  
- **Shell**: Interprets the commands entered into the terminal (e.g., Bash).  
- **PowerShell / Command Prompt / Microsoft Terminal**: Options for accessing the command line on Windows.  
- **Terminal (macOS)**: Built-in option on macOS, with third-party alternatives like iTerm or Ghostty.  
- **Terminal (Linux)**: Options vary by distribution, with many third-party emulators like kitty.  
- **Terminology**: Though "terminal," "shell," and "command line" are often used interchangeably, they have specific meanings.  

## Command Line Shortcuts

- **Up/Down arrows**: Cycle through previous/next commands in history.
- **Tab**: Autocomplete commands.
- `Control+L` (Linux/macOS) or typing `cls` (Windows): Clear the terminal screen.
- `Control+C`: Interrupt a running command (also used for copying in PowerShell if text is selected).
- `Control+Z` (Linux/macOS only): Suspend a task to the background; use `fg` to resume it.
- `!!`: Instantly rerun the last executed command.

## Bash Basics

> - **Bash** (Bourne Again Shell): widely used Unix-like shell.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bash** (Bourne Again Shell): Widely used Unix-like shell.  
```

  Key commands:

  - `pwd`: Show the current directory.
  - `cd`: Change directories.
    - `..` refers to the parent directory (one level up).
    - `.` refers to the current directory.
  - `ls`: List files and folders.
    - `-a`: Show all files, including hidden files.
    - `-l`: Show detailed information about files.

>   - `less`, `more`, and `cat`: View file contents. (`more` shows one screen at a time.)

Reviewer: These three commands differ slightly and should be explained separately.

  - `mkdir`: Create a new directory.
  - `rmdir`: Remove an empty directory.
  - `touch`: Create a new file.
  - `mv`: Move or rename files.
    - Rename: `mv oldname.txt newname.txt`
    - Move: `mv filename.txt /path/to/target/`
  - `cp`: Copy files.
    - `-r`: Recursively copy directories and their contents.
  - `rm`: Delete files.
    - `-r`: Recursively delete directories and their contents.

>   - `echo`: Display a line of text or a variable’s value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `echo`: Display a line of text or a variable's value.
```

    - Use `>>` to append output to a file **without overwriting existing content** (e.g., `echo "text" >> file.txt`).
  - `exit`: Exit the terminal session.
  - `clear`: Clear the terminal screen.
  - `find`: Search for files and directories.
    - `-name`: Search for files by name pattern (e.g., `find . -name "*.txt"`).

  - Use `man` followed by a command (e.g., `man ls`) to access detailed manual/help pages.

## Command Options and Flags

> - **Options** or **flags**: modify a command’s behavior and are usually prefixed with hyphens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Options** or **flags**: modify a command's behavior and are usually prefixed with hyphens:
```

- **Up/Down arrows**: Cycle through previous/next commands in history.
- **Tab**: Autocomplete commands.
- **`Control+L`** (Linux/macOS) or typing `cls` (Windows): Clear the terminal screen.
- **`Control+C`**: Interrupt a running command (also used for copying in PowerShell if text is selected).
- **`Control+Z`** (Linux/macOS only): Suspend a task to the background; use `fg` to resume it.
- **`!!`**: Instantly rerun the last executed command.

## Bash Basics

- **Bash** (Bourne Again Shell): Widely used Unix-like shell.  
  Key commands:

  - **`pwd`**: Show the current directory.
  - **`cd`**: Change directories.
    - **`..`** refers to the parent directory (one level up).
    - **`.`** refers to the current directory.
  - **`ls`**: List files and folders.
    - **`-a`**: Show all files, including hidden files.
    - **`-l`**: Show detailed information about files.
  - **`less`**: View file contents one page at a time with navigation options, including scrolling backward and searching.

>   - **`more`**: Display file contents one screen at a time, but only allows scrolling forward.

Reviewer: `more` does let you move backward using the `b` key. However, the navigation capabilities are limited as compared to less. Here is my suggestion:

```suggestion
  - **`more`**: Display file contents one screen at a time, with limited backward scrolling and basic navigation.
```
